 i want to create a link for each form by creating my own webpage with a sub domain for each form type (example: 'website.com/form-name-1', 'website.com/form-name-2', 'website.com/form-name-3', 'website.com/form-name-4'), while having the website domain before the added subdomains will redirect them to https://alex-web-xprt.vercel.app . i dont want to need to use tally or google forms or any  third party site to make this however i want it to perfectly emulate the styling, feel and function of a worldclass third party form builder and integrate stripe within it. I want to have Claude code install stripe mcp Server so that I can use claude code to Create anything that I wanted to create in regards to stripe so whether that is looking at official documentation or having it create the full products or subscriptions etc at the end of this I simply want to have this vision that I'm sharing with you articulated analyze detail and use the north star document to create a master vision document in markdown in the root directory. I want to start off with getting clarification questions using the ask user question tool So that claude has 95% confidence or more that understands my full vision accurately and then it can create the vision profile in the document and then within that document it will lay out the process and system instructions and prompt instructions etc whatever is relevant to then have Claude split up all of the steps. @MASTER-CONTEXT.md has context to use to assist in all knowns that need to be known for details.

This is how I Envision the process to go from this initial Vision I'm sharing with you all the way to the end result but I want you to use C:\Users\Alexb\Documents\Alex's Applications\biz-website-builder\starter-cie-system\north-star.md To analyze understand validate and align with my implicit and explicit as well as what will work and best practices etc.

3. Envision the end result
4. Define what you don’t want in the end result
5. Envision how to get there
6. Research every variable that makes up your vision, from high-level down to the micro
7. Research each variable in relation to your vision. understand the why and how they connect 
8. Extract all the requirements
9. Extract all the dependencies
10. Create a blueprint
11. Use all the data from the previous steps to build a step-by-step implementation plan
12. Break the implementation plan down into micro tasks
13. Turn each step into a self-contained prompt That takes into consideration Cloud codes best practices including but not limited to prompt engineering token output limits Context window bloat, Utilizing sub agents, Agentic workflows, Context engineering. And making sure that official documentation and validated methods and considering all different methods laying the note comparing them and then laying them out and comparing them with the context of the project and then creating a plan using a meta-prompt That will be created in the root directory that will be sent into a fresh chat. And that metaprompt will create Multiple meta prompts depending on how many prompts Acquired to build out everything for the end result in an extremely micro step fashion that is sent in fresh chats. Depending on how many prompts it will either create the prompts directly that are self-contained ready to be sent in fresh chats or it will create multiple metaprompts that will create Create a few prompts at a time and that will be determined by cloud codes limitations context window and all other variables mentioned. There will be state files that each prompt meta-prompt etc that it will write to as the vision from the very start will create a state file once it's executed that every prompt is met a prompt will be inside of that state file that is Json format it will have instruction to change the status from whatever state that is in in each step that way when the next prompt is executed it can first read the state file gather the correct data understand how to read it and what to do with that information And it will update it before it starts executing the prompt and after it's done executing the prompt instructions and do whatever it needs to do so that in the end it will let the next prompt know that it can be executed so on and so forth and it will stay on track each prompt will have appropriate context self-contained and If needed files to reference output location file folder format etc to keep everything organized and clean. Any prompts along the way that could be ran in parallel without conflicting with any dependencies context or best practices for quality outputs from cloud code will be clearly labeled clearly so that the user can see which prompts can be ran in parallel and will be numbered in order so that there is no need For the user to skip ahead of a prompt in the folder directory to then have to jump back to another one because he ran that one that he jumped ahead in parallel it should all be numbered correctly in order and then labeled to communicate and parallel so for example it will have let's say prompt one needs to be ran by itself it won't say anything and then the next two can be ran parallel it will be labeled as parallel for the next two promptsany prompts that are Directly touching each other in the folder that say parallel will be able to be ran in parallel. So then when it gets to the next prompt that needs to be ran solo it will just clearly state solo etc. Utilizing sub agents when it makes the most sense will also be used Within These prompts, So it's like having parallel prompts executed within parallel prompts if using sub agents. Output quality as well as alignment with the end vision And full accuracy is priority.
14. Execute one at a time
15. Between each task, clear the chat And continue to the next prompt.
16. Keep executing, keep clearing, until you reach the vision